well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again and welcome to I guess the second
installment thank a criminal day didn't
plan on making this video but I ran
across a quote today that was said
yesterday I guess and it is beautiful
and it is incredibly fitting if you
haven't seen the first video you're not
aware of the idea behind thank a
criminal day the premise is that
criminals obtain most of your freedom
for you other people may protect it but
it's obtained by criminals people who
push the envelope people who live on the
edge of society people who refuse to bow
to an unjust law and break it and
eventually thought changes and then the
law changes and that brings about more
freedom that's the idea the quote I
found is from a woman that I can truly
just truly support her name is Pia clump
she's German
she's a ship captain and as part of her
work with sea watch international she
has saved thousands of migrants who were
lost in the Med in the Mediterranean
thousands below estimate is 1000 the
high estimate is fourteen thousand
doesn't matter where which number is
true that that's amazing that is amazing
and of course there are some governments
that are opposed to her actions they do
not look kindly on what she is doing one
of them is Italy where she is reportedly
facing twenty years and they have
accused her of assisting illegal
immigration
working with human traffickers all kinds
of things
Paris on the other hand offered her a
medal for her actions and she turned it
down she turned it down and this was her
response your police still blankets from
people that you forced to live on the
streets while you raid protests and
criminalize people that are standing up
for rights of migrants and asylum
seekers you want to give me a medal
for actions that you fight in your own
ramparts scathing but there's more we do
not need authorities deciding about who
is a hero and who is illegal in fact
they are in no position to make this
call because we are all equal
thank you Pia clump Thank You Pia clamp
that is certainly worthy that is a
wonderful statement it is a one
wonderful sentiment even if it is just a
fall y'all have a good night